# 8/3/2024 - 13th Update!

ok, this is day 13? we're basically ready for a prerelease! unfortunately, i got up really late today, so gonna make this video quick! ok, gonna start recording this prerelease video, then im gonna do the github stuff... ok, `releases` branch has been created, cleaned up stuff over there! this is going to be a demo version, of course! gonna edit the video now...

ok, lets look at our schedule from today onwards (unfortunately didnt code much today...)

-  8/2/2024 - DONE - finish up color picker
-  8/3/2024 - DONE - possible release???
-  8/4/2024 - finish up color area
-  8/5/2024 - work on layers
-  8/6/2024 - finish up layers
-  8/7/2024 - additional features (pencil, eraser, paint bucket)
-  8/8/2024 - additional features (keybinds)
-  8/9/2024 - polish up anything left
-  8/10/2024 - possible release???

if we go on this plan, we should be able to have finished a little less than 3 weeks before we started! (very good!) (it still is kinda ambitious though)

ok, im gonna plan out my next couple days in calander, and hopefully get this on track!

we finished the color picker tool and grid, but not the color part of the screen yet! the past colors things work! now gotta do clicking on them... (a while later...) recalling past colors also works now!

ok, brush and back colors are working now! that took A LOT of changes! nvm, somethings wrong with drawing... ok the issue is finally fixed! (that took a long time...), ok quick commit!

wait first, let me finish up this log, then i'll commit, we just finished up the color area, so we get to move everything in our planned schedule back a day!

-  8/2/2024 - DONE - finish up color picker
-  8/3/2024 - DONE - prerelease and finish up color area!
-  8/4/2024 - work on layers
-  8/5/2024 - finish up layers
-  8/6/2024 - additional features (pencil, eraser, paint bucket)
-  8/7/2024 - additional features (keybinds, saving, loading)
-  8/8/2024 - polish up anything left
-  8/9/2024 - possible release???

ok, good night!