# 8/7/2024 - 17th Update!

ok, its the afternoon, what are we doing today?

> - 8/7/2024 - additional features (pencil, eraser, paint bucket)

oh, ok! maybe i'll do pencil first (because its the easiest) ok fixed those random lines, and also fixed some color picking issue with the pencil! eraser time! (also i have no idea how i will do paint bucket) unrelated side note, i can hear every individual instrument in this song with headphones! thats crazy! looking at the placeOver code, do we already have support for adding negative arrays? currently testing to see if it actuall supports as it seems like my attempt didnt work as expected... aw looks like it doesnt...

oh right, we get an overflow because numpy.uint8 doesnt support negatives? still isnt working... oh, we were subtracting negative numbers and overflow errors, thats the problem...

ok, still broken, gonna quickly commit...

oops, turns out the problem was that i was passing in a tuple into the eraser genereator instead of a single number, oops... but eraser is now working now! a big issue thats always been around is the issue that  strength doesn't work as expected, as time in a position makes your effect more intense. for example, setting strength to 1 and waiting 100 ticks without moving is equal to setting strength to 50 and waiting 2 ticks which is equal to strength 100 for 1 tick (this needs to be fixed!!!)

anyways, gotta go to sleep now, good night!

-  8/7/2024 - additional features (pencil, eraser)
-  8/8/2024 - FINISH LAYERS AHHHHH
-  8/9/2024 - more additional features (paint bucket, other tools???)
- 8/10/2024 - even more aditional features (keybinds, saving, loading)
- 8/11/2024 - polish up anything left
- 8/12/2024 - possible release???