# 7/24/2024 - 3rd Update

ok, so i figured out that the canvas is WICKED FAST. like this image usually grinds the rendering system of Tape to a good 4 FPS, but im at around 15 to 17 FPS. that's insane! however, putting a ~3000x4000 pixel image brings it to 3 to 4 FPS. just tested it with tape, it report 2-ish FPS, but it is visably slower (i can see the tabs switching when i press buttons...). this means that the canvas is likely the way to go, with a couple of my own optimizations

optimizations we can do:
- before shoving images into the renderer, clip off unnecesary bits
- image "chunks" (only update regions when needed)

working on clipping images before they are put into the canvas, hopefully it speeds things up? getting a region is coded but needs to be tested

the solution was way simplier than i thought, i spent way too long trying to make the image move nicely. however, there are improvements! 17-20 FPS! quick save, once second...

ok, so i have an idea. we send images to a wrapper class that "houses" the canvas object. then, we interact with it through functions, and everything getting sent in is pruned/clipped so that only neccesary data is rendered, which should make it WICKED FAST!!! anyways, coding time! oh, oops, this means we're redoing the whole rendering thing right?

ok, wrote a couple functions in `render.py`, time to intergrate this wrapper into the experiments! ok, its running pretty smoothly! now, i just need to finalize the UI and we can prossibly get this running!

ok, added an offset thingy!

its a little later, and im annoyed at one thing. there's never enough time! its so annoying that im thinking about the future and how im gonna manage all these projects i want to finish before the end of summer, along with assigned stuff i have to do. its so annoying! here are all the things i planned/need to do:

- DONE - finish Tape
- IN PROGRESS - tutor kids, 4 hours per weekday
- IN PROGRESS - get tutored, 1.5 hours every tuesday and thursday
- IN PROGRESS - some other program, unfortunately requires going outside (4 hours monday, 1 hour thursday, 1 hour friday, and extra work time)
- JUST STARTED - finish Protoplop
- NONE - code a parody of a robot
- NONE - read books (sad but mandatory)
- NONE - finish ??? (ooo mystery, im not gonna reveal it just yet)

each one of these takes a ridicious amount of time! im gonna have optimize my time huh? i also want to destory my sleep schedule, haven't done that in a while. anyways, enough ranting, i need to start getting up way earlier...

good night!