# 7/26/2024 - 5th Update!

yes! i woke up earlier! (im on my computer at 5:27 AM in the kitchen typing this) (i knew it was too peaceful and quiet, got jumpscared by a bug and ran away to the kitchen with my stuff)

ok, tasks!

- ...
- 7/26/2024 - make UI prettier and themed
- 7/27/2024 - prepare visual interactable objects, start tools logic
- 7/28/2024 - start work on canvas/drawing area/sketch
- ...

now that i think about it, we don't even need files for these themed backgrounds, we can just generate them with the rectangle array generators in `fancy.py`

ok sledgehammer time again! renamed a couple of the old methoeds for the interface from tape, put the new information in!

ok gotta change these theme colors. ok, so finally prepared `interface.py` for a bunch of code, and it should be ready? there are still a lot of performance silly issues, but i do have an idea on how to fix it. i am thinking that a little optimization can work here...

ok, strangely, it gets slower the longer it runs, but the optimization should work? instead of rendering the entire image, it gives instructions for the rectangles of the border and relies on the `bg` parameter on the canvas object's creation for the background color

its 9:40 PM at night now, and i just realized there wasn't really a point in waking up so early, as i didn't accomplish my plan of 5 hours of coding today... ok, finish UI theme related things and prepare interactable visual objects stuff

also, its sledgehammer time (`setings.py`). ok interface visual object interacting logic thingy done? (might break, untested)

found some insane lag increases when moving the window

its lagging my whole computer?

it seems like any canvas updating related is laggy, what is going on?