# 7/27/2024 - 6th Update!

oops did not get up early (slept in a little) however, it is saturday, so i dont have much on my schedule for once!

tasks:

- 7/26/2024 DONE - make UI prettier and themed
- 7/27/2024 - prepare visual interactable objects, start tools logic
- 7/28/2024 - start work on canvas/drawing area/sketch logic

its probably smarter to actual start on canvas logic first before tools, since what are you gonna draw on?

oops accidentally let go of my mouse and it went flying

ok zoom is working but not exactly how i want it to work. realized that the code does not support multi-key keybinds (ex. control+space), fixing that now!

ok, improved the logic for key presses and detection, multiple key keybinds are possible now! 

hey zoom using control + space and mouse movements are kinda working!

ok, thinking time. i just thought that it may be smarter to actual split the screen into regions instead of the image (or maybe both is smart?). so the screen doesn't need to update the whole image, we can just pull data from the current state the image is in and deal with it there. for example, what i mean is lets say there is this gigantic image and we need to edit only the zoomed in top left of the image. we only should pull data from this gigantic image that we need to render the screen

just took a nap... ok, zoom should be good?

im thinking of splitting the scren into 56 update segments? 128x94 segments would be 56 segments (8x7) in the 1024x658 drawing area, so each update segment is a little less than 2% of the screen which should make it faster? oh wait zoom isn't acting exactly how i want to, but we need to do screen maths for this first.

ok very broke right now...